You and Linza have known each other for a long time
Why didn't you ever tell me?
We did have a good time before
But he is
money snob
All day thinking about flattering the rich and asking for the golden tortoise-in-law
I don't like him.
Ah, that's right.
Yoyo's father is because he has no money
It's a fake rich second generation
That's why he got divorced and left with Yoyo
You know so much about his past
After all, we were best friends before
best friend
You can say his bad things so unscrupulously
word
Linza I know
Although I love money
But never worship money and shili
So you think I'm lying to you?
Isn't it?
What is the charm of Linsa?
It is worth your unconditional trust in him
It's because he's your secretary
Or because you like him?
So what if I like him?
Why is that?
I'm not as good as him
I'm the woman you were with five years ago
I am the mother of your child
But he's someone I like.
What you said
I can't say a word.
I will go to him in person to verify
I want you to find a chance to sleep with Linsa
Completely destroy the thought of him alone